workers: fix typo (#16220)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workflows/get-started/guide.mdx

main = "src/index.ts"
compatibility_date = "2024-10-23"

[[workflows]]
# name of your workflow
name = "workflows-starter"
# binding name env.MYWORKFLOW
binding = "MY_WORKFLOW"
# this is class that extends the Workflow class in src/index.ts
class_name = "MyWorkflow"
# script_name is required during for the beta.
# Must match the "name" of your Worker at the top of wrangler.toml
script_name = "workflows-starter"
```

:::note

If you have changed the name of the Workflow in your Wrangler commands, the JavaScript class name, or the name of the project you created, ensure that you update the values above to match the changes.

:::

This configuration tells the Workers platform which JavaScript class represents your Workflow, and sets a `binding` name that allows you to run the Workflow from other handlers or to call into Workflows from other Workers scripts.

## 4. Bind to your Workflow

We have a very basic Workflow definition, but now need to provide a way to call it from within our code. A Workflow can be triggered by:

1. External HTTP requests via a `fetch()` handler
2. Messages from a [Queue](/queues/)
3. A schedule via [Cron Trigger](/workers/configuration/cron-triggers/)

> 4. Via the [Workflows REST API](/api/paths/accounts-account_id--workflows/get) or [wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/commands/#workflows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Via the [Workflows REST API](/api/operations/wor-list-workflows) or [wrangler CLI](/workers/wrangler/commands/#workflows)
```

---
title: Guide
pcx_content_type: get-started

> updated: 2038-01-19

Reviewer 2: delete?

This guide will instruct you through:

* Defining your first Workflow and publishing it
* Deploying the Workflow to your Cloudflare account
* Running (triggering) your Workflow and observing its output

At the end of this guide, you should be able to author, deploy and debug your own Workflows applications.

## Prerequisites

To continue:

1. Sign up for a [Cloudflare account](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up/workers-and-pages) if you have not already.
2. Install [`npm`](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started).
3. Install [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org/en/). Use a Node version manager like [Volta](https://volta.sh/) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to avoid permission issues and change Node.js versions. [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) requires a Node version of `16.17.0` or later.

## 1. Define your Workflow

To create your first Workflow, use the `create cloudflare` (C3) CLI tool, specifying the Workflows starter template:

```sh

> npm create cloudflare@latest workflows-starter -- --template "cloudflare:workflows-starter"

Reviewer 2: Wrong template definition. It should be:
npm create cloudflare@latest workflows-starter -- --template "cloudflare/workflows-starter"
